underneath we are already back
next round let's play the simpsons
springfield as you see, of course
again some tasks completed and
sharp one or the other
observed should be noticed times
again no eggs there but I have three
a lot more than before is because of that
I just loose 20 minutes or for
hit the hour for 20 minutes
have or bludgeoned sometime
already afraid that one taps display
all the concerns but worth it
it may still be on course
to reach the next level with 2000
4200 something mud until the mai
another few days three four days
somehow that's how it works
fix
So always a diligent slimmer
divide
we will try so far
to work ahead that we will be the next
Surprise at least still get and
maybe I would otherwise for the
just once a month and let's start
first , of course, collect money here
Of course, this is the beginning of one here
whole thing to collect the money and
there are a few now could also be one
little something to come together
16,000 on which we sit in
The barber shop built the us
that cost somehow 25,000 euros
Of course it still takes a while
bit until the next building would
but I say the 24 15 in any case
so that the hairdresser netzer I finished
is and we can look at it
so go the hands schule.de
and yes my new level reaches new
course, accept now and the
donut right now we do not rate it
are now level 16 now before 25,000 xp
until level 17 and then we go
times has diligently in the work and look
Something like that is that's the here
I would add up for friends hhr
Add joke biscuits if they are
Of course, then we have to get out more
out of consideration
I do not know you can do it again
which delete
I have to research that
maybe which the one or
other times just remove it at short notice
I might have to go to the far right
not know look no apology
I often come up with that
Actually just wanted a little bit
Press right if you are there
maybe something again
if you might see something there
how to remove some again
because I would get me five donuts of course
reluctant to let go
also once again let's see yes and now
hangs
slightly annoyed again and again back about
half an hour after we stay
everything is greasy it was
first the screencast app and the super
user app somehow broken down both
not hung up against foreman at the back
more and biting the then again on
was running internet was locked
and that could play not'm
no idea I quite unfair 740 times
Recording started and few minutes
recorded as the game tries to
connect but now it is running again and
we can continue where we left off
have and that was actually here at
I do not know the friend requests
why we are away
good question I wanted to go all over again
on the right, if you have a few friends
delete can since four people record
I have to get 5 bucks what I have
I do not like to miss it
would
but are now just from the 49
friend requests flutes gone where the
have remained so that we
Maybe we have to watch how we do that
we actually wanted to do
remove people but I do not know how
it works and the 49 requests to flood
Well, they will not be so tragic
yes anyway can not accept and it
probably come fast enough
again which I have I choose
you ended ok I'm now ever
all accepted or what was there but
but noticeably 5 tons too many people
takes
no idea
So somehow a little park or something like me
does not know exactly what's the matter
but what I see or what I know
that the people here have many tasks
and I hope that was exciting
is we with skinner at willi that
is what they inject
Snakes are there makes a strong as
the old jocks say wonder
why no one knows about the wisdom of
old show corresponds that is well
because they were the red ones themselves
who goes into everything and now are the
shut up and leave me alone the syringe
put
what willi itself snake
good splashes that by a
exclamation point at skimmer concluded
is exactly if he was him well
so I do not care his tip how
exhausting to move away for money
abrackern
So do the play with much the
Do not you understand we say so I am
I 'm tired of earning the money
I want to play reported the
racetrack of springfield inseparable ok
Of course you can not miss 34,000
9000 is supposed to come
probably in the next issue
receptive appreciate as somehow if
nothing will come between us
probably shake it then
look what is that a suit and even
my narrow guilty hunchback
quasimodo size homo somehow tricks
that's not allowed
that's because I'm watching right now
stand and for the first time in my life
I find self-contempt